know what outfit up question I get a lot
is Gil do Freddy what's the best kind of
cardio to burn fat and preserve muscle
right because when you do a steady-state
cardio you know the elliptical machine
or you're jogging around or doing some
aerobics class prancing around in the
aerobics class consumption you also a
lot of times men that that that's
detrimental to your muscle gains you
know saying but if you're doing time
training I like to do hit cardio's any
kind of hint cardio like Sprint's I have
a video on on this the sprint drills I
do stay lean you cut those do not fuck
with your muscles in a negative way you
look at any sprinter you know they're
all jacked and they're all cut all right
is that steady state you know medium
intensity cardio man that fucks you up
but if hip card is not to think you can
do slow cardio where you like people
walk you know like long walks or
something I had to start doing slow
cardio and I fucked my toe up man drop
the iron on my toe and uh I could not
run on that bitch for like two weeks
only cardio idea was my wall and I would
walk first in the morning a walk for an
hour every day before I ate man and um
that helped me stay lean man I lost some
fat and I maintain that muscle mass
during that whole period but out of my
toe is good none of my toes good money
I'm sprinting back to sprinting you know
just look at any sprinter and you'll see
the evidence man the proof is in the
motherfucking pudding man but if you
look at any marathon runner
they all look weak you know like about
to die I mean ready you know their
endurance is a marathon runner two
endurance I could not do what they do
they're spectacular athletes I'm just
saying if your goal is to get envy and
put on muscle mass then steady-state
cardio is not for unit it's not for use
now what you want to do you want to do
either slow cardio
real slow like walking for an hour or
you want to do or you want to do hit
cardio man high intensity in
training and spring for a 10 to 15
minutes like I do I condition humming
knock that shit out help me stay lean
else to put on that muscle bags
you